# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile requirements.in -o requirements.txt
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.0
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.10.5
    # via langchain
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.4.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
    #   openai
appnope==0.1.4
    # via ipykernel
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.16.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via nbconvert
black==24.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
bleach==6.1.0
    # via nbconvert
blinker==1.8.2
    # via flask
cachelib==0.9.0
    # via flask-caching
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.0
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   black
    #   flask
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
dash==2.17.1
    # via
    #   dash-ag-grid
    #   dash-bootstrap-components
    #   vizro
dash-ag-grid==31.2.0
    # via vizro
dash-bootstrap-components==1.6.0
    # via vizro
dash-core-components==2.0.0
    # via dash
dash-html-components==2.0.0
    # via dash
dash-mantine-components==0.12.1
    # via vizro
dash-table==5.0.0
    # via dash
debugpy==1.8.5
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.20.0
    # via nbformat
flask==3.0.3
    # via
    #   dash
    #   flask-caching
flask-caching==2.3.0
    # via vizro
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
gunicorn==23.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httpx==0.27.2
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
idna==3.8
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==8.4.0
    # via dash
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.26.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipywidgets==8.1.5
    # via jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via flask
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   flask
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
jiter==0.5.0
    # via openai
json5==0.9.25
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via
    #   jsonpatch
    #   jsonschema
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==8.6.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-events==0.10.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.5
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.14.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.2.5
    # via notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.13
    # via ipywidgets
langchain==0.2.15
    # via vizro-ai
langchain-core==0.2.36
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-checkpoint
langchain-openai==0.1.23
    # via vizro-ai
langchain-text-splitters==0.2.2
    # via langchain
langgraph==0.2.14
    # via vizro-ai
langgraph-checkpoint==1.0.6
    # via langgraph
langsmith==0.1.106
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via black
nbclient==0.10.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.4
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via
    #   dash
    #   ipykernel
notebook==7.2.2
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   pandas
openai==1.42.0
    # via
    #   langchain-openai
    #   vizro-ai
orjson==3.10.7
    # via langsmith
overrides==7.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   gunicorn
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   langchain-core
    #   nbconvert
    #   plotly
    #   qtconsole
    #   qtpy
pandas==2.2.2
    # via
    #   vizro
    #   vizro-ai
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via black
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
platformdirs==4.2.2
    # via
    #   black
    #   jupyter-core
plotly==5.23.0
    # via dash
prometheus-client==0.20.0
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.47
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
psutil==6.0.0
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.8.2
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
    #   vizro
pydantic-core==2.20.1
    # via pydantic
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via vizro-ai
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2024.1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
pyzmq==26.2.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
qtconsole==5.6.0
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.4.1
    # via qtconsole
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
regex==2024.7.24
    # via tiktoken
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   dash
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   langchain
    #   langsmith
    #   tiktoken
retrying==1.3.4
    # via dash
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rpds-py==0.20.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
ruff==0.6.2
    # via vizro
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via jupyter-server
setuptools==74.0.0
    # via
    #   dash
    #   jupyterlab
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
    #   retrying
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.32
    # via langchain
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via vizro-ai
tenacity==8.5.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   plotly
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
tiktoken==0.7.0
    # via langchain-openai
tinycss2==1.3.0
    # via nbconvert
tornado==6.4.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.66.5
    # via openai
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20240821
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   dash
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
tzdata==2024.1
    # via pandas
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via requests
vizro==0.1.21
    # via vizro-ai
vizro-ai==0.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==24.8.0
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via jupyter-server
werkzeug==3.0.4
    # via
    #   dash
    #   flask
widgetsnbextension==4.0.13
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via vizro
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.20.1
    # via importlib-metadata
