# Disclaimer

Users must select one of the [supported large language models (LLMs)](../user-guides/customize-vizro-ai.md#supported-models) to use the `vizro_ai` package, and are responsible for obtaining their own suitable API key for the relevant model.

<!-- vale off -->

## Third party API

- Users are responsible for anything done via their own API key.

- Users are responsible for procuring any and all rights necessary to access any third-party generative AI tools and for complying with any applicable terms or conditions thereof.

- Users are wholly responsible for the use and security of the third-party generative AI tools and of Vizro.

## User acknowledgments

Users acknowledge and agree that:

Any results, options, data, recommendations, analyses, code, or other information (“Outputs”) generated by any third-party generative AI tools (“GenAI Tools”) may contain some inaccuracies, biases, illegitimate, potentially infringing, or otherwise inappropriate content that may be mistaken, discriminatory, or misleading.

McKinsey & Company:

(i) expressly disclaims the accuracy, adequacy, timeliness, reliability, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, safety or completeness of any Outputs,

(ii) shall not be liable for any errors, omissions, or other defects in, delays or interruptions in such Outputs, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon, and

(iii) shall not be liable for any alleged violation or infringement of any right of any third party resulting from the users’ use of the GenAI Tools and the Outputs.

The Outputs shall be verified and validated by the users and shall not be used without human oversight and as a sole basis for making decisions impacting individuals.

Users remain solely responsible for the use of the Output, in particular, the users will need to determine the level of human oversight needed to be given the context and use case, as well as for informing the users’ personnel and other affected users about the nature of the GenAI Output. Users are also fully responsible for their decisions, actions, use of Vizro and Vizro-AI and compliance with applicable laws, rules, and regulations, including but not limited to confirming that the Outputs do not infringe any third-party rights.

<!-- vale on -->
